feat [OCA-1671]: Remove Line Break in Cluster Cards (#13510)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-13510-removed-1773939515153.md

---
"@linode/manager": Removed
---

> Remove break-line in quick deploy apps that break display name. Remove old Marketplace refs ([#13510](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/13510))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Old Marketplace refs and line breaks in Quick Deploy Apps that break display name ([#13510](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/13510))
```
